hey hey hey RORO Spassky here and
welcome to the five nights of treasure
islands remastered demo now if you're
new to the channel I played this about a
couple of months back when the five
minutes of Treasure Island first came
out so it's nice to see that the guy is
upgraded the graphics cuz he saw how
popular it was so let's just let's just
jump straight into a new game and see
how far we get off and play that before
so it's nice to see from night one and
see what new things have been added to
the game I've heard you can actually
hide under the desk so this place looks
looks fantastic is my workspace I've got
my pen full my pencil sharpener a badge
- like I'm a smoker - okay for shift
another okay
what the hell what the hell what the
hell is going on I have no idea what's
going on I really um what the fuck is
that
Oh oh my god oh my god our cat doc its
doc it looks like something is either
glitched out or it's gonna jump scare me
I'm gonna hide under the desk
I think I'm hiding under the desk this
music coming on I have no idea what's
going on there's really big enough to
freak me out
this didn't happen in the last game this
did not happen in the last game I'm
gonna have to go to another camera and
turn it off oh my god it's there
turn it off oh my god oh my god since
there's did I die
did I die today glitch out I have no
idea what's happened I think I died oh
my god
horrible start to the game what the hell
was that let me steer ahead too long I
don't even know what that was I don't
even know what that was that was
freaking out freaking out already that
was absolutely nuts right I have no idea
what happened the last time I've no idea
what happened the last time I got
absolutely messed oh oh my god sun's
moved Suns moved already and that head
is looking directly at me so I'm going
to just switch off that camera there why
has it gone black again is it because
it's bugging out or is it because
something's actually here trying to
attack me I really don't know what's
going on I'm really beginning to really
freaked out know that something's going
on with the game okay oh my god I don't
know what happened I really don't know
what happened there was something going
on with this game but I don't know what
it is and it's real but God is looking
at me and there it is there I've done
office because I go into the camera or
something's actually happening in these
things here I don't know but it's really
freaking me out really freaking me out
okay I'm just gonna turn off my camera
there he was absolutely staring the hell
out of me
and I don't like it to hang up in the
desk I don't know what's going on okay
camera five there he is I'm just going
to turn that off real quick everything
is just black and don't know if he's
glitching out or that's actually meant
to happen but it's really bigger than a
freaked me out everything oh my god he's
there why is he moving
I'm gonna come up here I'm gonna come up
here I'm gonna turn that camera off and
hopefully that distraction to go up
there I don't know where he is gone he's
moving around a lot more than the
previous game he's moving around a
fucking button and I missed that jump
scare because and the screen seemed to
black out on me so I think that appears
to be some kind of glitch but overall
okay cut that cameras off that cameras
off let's go here oh my god he's there
he's there he's there
this game is hard there's a Mickey again
isn't it there's that fucking Mickey
again I know it I know it I music that I
know what that music means that means
you sittin there watchin the porn
oh there he is staring at me yeah I'm
gonna turn that off and any glitches out
as well oh no why are all the Mickey's
going at once no mickey Oh Mickey you're
so fine you're so fine you blow my mind
hey mickey I'm gonna turn that camera
off oh my god he's their eyes there I've
got the camera off quickly oh wow this
game is impossible this game is fucking
impossible I hate it I'm gonna fuck your
cameras I hate this absolutely destroy
your cameras I'm gonna show you who's
the fucking camera boss oh my god oh my
god this game is the fucking worst this
game is the fucking worst again I didn't
even do anything he just appears in the
room and absolutely grabs my ass fucking
fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck off this game is ridiculous this
game is fucking ridiculous my even the
first fucking five minutes of it this is
just gonna be a montage of me game
really really fucking angry fucking Greg
fucking Greg every single fucking time
Greg right I've got to look after Mickey
Mouse and all your fucking crew don't I
make sure that none of them were coming
along
nice job done
I'm fuckin done I'm done this game is
unplayable this gave us unplayable I
don't like saying that about things but
now I'm fuckin done with this boom shit
it looks gorgeous it really does look
good
aesthetically pleasing but it's one of
those things it's one of those things
that you you meet somebody and they're
hot as fuck but they've got the worst
personality ever I mean they're doing
something really wrong or 'this games
just broken I have high hopes for it
though because the first first demo for
this was really good and this the game
looks even better and I do like it yeah
but I die before I can even play I don't
understand why I am doing something
wrong it's got me really mad so gonna
have to go in camp I don't have a cold
shower and had a beer her 10 just go oh
my god I could weep no if you joined
this uh turn I don't know what this is
you just could see me getting really
angry if you enjoyed this rage video
then they met drop a like and if you
want to see me try again then I will I
really really will but I hope you
enjoyed this video whatever happens
cheesy crazy have you tried this game
guys let me know and drop a like and I
don't know I'm gonna have to UM cool
down see you later